amazing
recording is actually recording yeah it
has been I'm sorry my mac screen
recording sucks but anyway I'm coming at
you with a deck profile this was a deck
run by a guy named david Flores in San
Antonio at the regional on saturday he
came in first place with his ex haber
deck after Swiss he and scott robertson
page were both undefeated if you want to
see Scott's hero deck profile I'll leave
a link somewhere in the description or
in an annotation but basically David ran
his ex saber deck and just destroyed it
was crazy watching him and how good the
stack was for him so let's get to the
deck I don't really understand XA burrs
as much as other players like it's never
attack that it's a deck that I've never
actually sat down and actually tried to
play before but I understand some of his
tech choices i'll try to explain them as
much as i can so he ran three darksoul
three emmers bullion three fulhelmknight
three boggart knight three thought role
to paschal and one heir balem response
he ran into pot of duality to mystical
Space typhoon heavy book reborn dark
hole mind control and an enemy
controller and four traps here and
triple gottoms emergency call double
bottomless double warning judgment
torrential rain forest truth and double
D prison now kind of to go over the main
back a little bit before i head over to
analyze the side neck in the extra deck
um you know you got your basic x-saber
sauce here and double partial I remember
people only strong one but this card's
really good especially since the
format's slowed down a little bit a lot
more people are attacked base and they
were like popping combo based or handle
loop based stuff like that it's probably
why he put the maxies in the side
instead I actually need to give a shout
out really quick before I forget to
critic herbs for giving me or for
uploading the deck profile of the guy on
to his channel I will send a link thank
you very much sir I went ahead and used
that to get the decklist since my friend
who was also judging Ontario who was
supposed to give me the decklist
left his computer in San Antonio at the
venue he's getting it back but he
doesn't have it quite yet so shout the
Kirby curbs for that i'll leave the
video in the description or an
annotation somewhere because that's
where most of the guys explanations come
from but the double patch holes were
double where otk stoppers and stuff like
that just attack stoppers and tuner of
course and the air bellum was in there
just to get in there and get some hand
advantage which even though it's not as
important it was back and say go control
format hand advantage is still extremely
great and air bellum gets in there for
that damage now he also ran enemy
controller which enemy controller kind
of confused me at first but I realized
just how good it is I mean there's so
many tuners in the deck it does almost
the exact same thing is mind control
like plus you can enemy controller it
should be off your dark soul and get the
Dark Soul effect in the end phase you
can enemy controller off your boggart
knight so you don't have to go for an ex
a person grow or if you summon it and go
activate a factor that might rape you
they chain an effect wheeler you just go
chain enemy controller tribute your
bogar knife and still a Steeler monster
and get your special summon because
Effect Veiler loses its target now
Godwin's emergency call of course it is
an amazing card effects Haber's get big
I'm sure this card will get hit on a
fanless or something like that but
honestly I don't see Xavier is doing
amazing in the next format but this one
was going hand the entire day and of
course reinforced truth let's get a
level two wheeler warrior-type you get
him basically that's like your only
target is your paschal which if they're
trying to otk and you flip over
reinforce truth you just put a patch on
defense and works out onto the side deck
NEX decided to DD crows to snow maneater
if you watch Scott pages tech interview
you realize just how good of a card
snowman eater is so far in this format
even with no especially with no defined
meta it's just everyone's attacking and
stuff and everybody's attacking with
everything so you're going to want to
run snowman you saw those decided the
maxies in case you had to play wind ups
and stuff like that just stuff that
would spam special summons
cited history of st decided normal men
across out he study cited evening
against plants which was pretty cool i
mean he did play my friend Ray who was
running plants and he cited it in and
the card went to work so traps on traps
son is an amazing car especially in X
Sabres because you just go flip trap
stun and synchro into high on lay pops
and cards and get some damage in there
so they can't like bottomless account
warning all that goes and match the
stack is completely earth and Shadow
mirror to be a darts like Dark Worlds
and stuff like that now another thing I
want to point out about his dad
completely is that he did not run effect
veiler he did not run any kind of hand
traps in the main deck and he didn't run
any kind of tech monsters in the main
deck wanted to keep max consistency
going on with his ex Sabres that was his
explanation for it and just from
analyzing all the decks that did good
like heroes and Dark Worlds and stuff
effect veiler just wasn't that great of
card to run at this tournament I mean it
was dead against a lot of stuff it was
live against some things with mostly
dead under the Extra Deck potassium
naturia beast double high on lay barking
on guy and I x-saber souza start a scrap
dragon and gottoms now I especially
enjoy this deck like I have never played
it but one of the things that I really
like about it right off the bat that
it's got the ability to synchro into
beasts embarking on any deck they could
someone be some bargain is an extremely
powerful deck and then these cards just
kill stuff somebody might area beasts
against Dark Worlds and you pretty much
win before they do anything I mean if
they already have their grasses and
stuff going off then there's not a lot
you can do but that's just how yugioh
works and the exceeds yah nau said mains
Leviathan pass a golem as you can see
there is a plethora of level 3 monsters
in this stack so going into those 3d was
very easy I guess he opted not to run
the rank force because it's only level
fours where the Boggart nights and he
ran short breaker and photon strike
bouncer now the rank sixes are extremely
easy to go into especially since the
level threes like a task or the level
I've like catastor isn't always really
easy to go to especially when you are
going level 5 you're mostly going to
Terry these the soy breaker comes in
handy because you not only do you have
the full the key online and the
faultroll in the deck go into him with
but you also have the support cards to
help you get out the high in line and
fall troll-like you have this to a
default role of hands you have the cards
to sing grow and a high on lay and you
have the Katims emergeny see koalas put
the high Emily's back on the board later
in the game so that you can use him or
both hi onlays to go into your sword
breaker or your photon strike bounzer I
really like this guy's doc I really like
his tech choices and I'm glad he got as
far as he did it proves that right now
there's no meta it's just a bunch of
stuff running around in the format I
mean props for innovation of bringing
back an old deck that was deemed Edwin
rescue cat got banned and that's about
it guys like I said I'll have all the
links that I talked about in this video
the link to Scott pages it's got pages
deck where you got second and swizz and
two curvy curbs video where he actually
interviews and gets the deck profile on
the guy that ran the stack david Flores
so write comments subscribe guys and
peace out